A. This dataset contains 2000 rows and 8 columns. Analysis of the values & columns below.

There are 2000 unique Claim ID's and matches the description given.
All values in Time_to_Close column are positive and there were no missing values.
The claim_amount column was in object data type, so as a string, I changed it to a float data type.
In the amount_paid column, there were 36 missing values, which I replaced with the overall median amount paid.
There weren't any missing values in the location column, and the four values matched those given in the prompt.
All values in the individuals_on_claim column had a minimum of 1 person on the claim and there weren't any missing values.
In the linked_cases column, there were 26 missing values, which I replaced with "FALSE" in alignment with the instructions.
The causes column contained some entries labeled "VEGETABLES" and "Meat", when the listed causes were "vegetable", "meat", or "unknown". 
So I replaced "VEGETABLES" and "Meat" with the original, prescribed values "vegetable" and "meat" respectively. 
There weren't any missing values here but if there were, they'd be replaced with "unknown."


B. There were only 2 columns with missing values. 
This was 'amount_paid' which had 36 missing values, and 'linked_cases' which had 26 missing values.

C. How I updated the columns to match given description:
  -To prepare the claim_amount column for analysis, I removed the string "R$" at the beginning of the values in the claim_amount column and then changed the type to float, converting it to numeric. 
  -In the amount_paid column, I replaced all missing values with the overall median amount paid. -In the linked_cases column, I replaced all missing values with "FALSE". 
  -In the cause column, there were some entries labeled "VEGETABLES" and "Meat", when the listed causes were "vegetable", "meat", or "unknown". So I replaced "VEGETABLES" and "Meat" with "vegetable" and "meat" respectively. 
  -The remaining columns ('claim_id', 'time_to_close', 'location', and 'individuals_on_claim') matched the description and didn't need any updating or replacing.
